I don't really stub my toes anymore or
maybe I do but it doesn't really hurt
anymore which makes sense because my
toes are extremely mobile and strong
since I wear shoes that allow for toe
articulation every step I take makes my
feet A Little Bit Stronger so when I hit
something my toes have the ability to
move imagine hitting this tree with
straight
fingers now imagine letting your fingers
actually Flex or bend same Force no pain
parents I know your stepping on Legos
and you're stubbing your toes and you're
rolling your ankles trying to put on the
next episode of Bluey I I've been there
which is why these shoes are 25% off for
Mother's Day if you want to try a pair
use code moma.com it's in my bio whoa
did you see that stay flexy